Fashion Search AI
Description
Fashion Search AI is a Python-based tool designed to help users find and recommend fashion items, specifically kurta sets, based on their descriptions. It uses a combination of natural language processing (NLP) and AI models to search a dataset of fashion items and generate recommendations. The tool also visualizes product images to enhance the user experience.

Table of Contents
Installation
Usage
Dataset
Features
Contributing
License
Contact
Installation

Clone the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/your_username/fashion_search_ai.git

Navigate to the Project Directory:
cd fashion_search_ai

Install Dependencies:
Run the following command to install the necessary libraries:
!pip install openai langchain llama-index pandas scikit-learn matplotlib pillow
!pip install -U langchain-community

Usage
To use the Fashion Search AI tool, follow these steps:

Prepare the Dataset:
Ensure that you have a CSV file named Fashion_Dataset.csv in your Colab environment or working directory. The code preprocesses this file to clean it and handle special characters.

Run the Search and Recommendation Tool:
Execute the code in a Python environment or a Colab notebook. The tool will:

Load and clean the dataset.
Allow users to input queries to search for fashion items.
Display top product recommendations based on cosine similarity of product descriptions.
Generate AI-powered recommendations using OpenAI's GPT model via LangChain.
Display images of recommended products.
Example Query:
When prompted, you can enter a query like "red cotton dress" to search for relevant products.

Output:
The tool will output a list of top matching products with descriptions and images, followed by an AI-generated recommendation.

Dataset
The project uses a Fashion_Dataset.csv file, which contains detailed descriptions of various fashion items, including kurta sets. The dataset includes columns like product names, descriptions, and image URLs.

Preprocessing
The CSV file is cleaned to handle special characters and ensure the data is in a usable format.
Missing values in the description column are handled, and invalid image paths are removed.
Features
Search Products: Uses TF-IDF and cosine similarity to find the most relevant products based on a user query.
AI Recommendations: Leverages OpenAI's GPT model through LangChain to generate personalized fashion recommendations.
Image Display: Fetches and displays product images based on search results.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. Ensure your changes are well-documented and tested.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Contact
Created by Nojood Alhamoud. For any questions or suggestions, feel free to contact me at nshomoud@hotmail.com
